6.7 framework.rst release notes (#35632)
mantidproject/mantid: docs/source/release/v6.7.0/framework.rst

Event Filtering
---------------

During the v6.7.0 development cycle, there were major changes to the code underlying event filtering that was originally designed `here <https://github.com/mantidproject/mantid/issues/34794>`_.
The main changes to mantid are as follows:

- A ``TimeROI`` object that contains a list of use and ignore regions in time. The times are ``[inclusive, exclusive)``.

> - When filtering/splitting logs in the ``Run`` object, the logs are copied as is and a new ``TimeROI`` object is set on the ``Run``. Values that are active during a ROI are kept as are ones before/after each ROI. The main change is that logs no longer have fake values to mimic the filtering/splitting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When filtering/splitting logs in the ``Run`` object, the logs are copied as is and a new ``TimeROI`` object is set on the ``Run``. Values that are active during an ROI are kept, as are ones before/after each ROI. The main change is that logs no longer have fake values to mimic the filtering/splitting.
```

Bugfixes
########

> - Added throw statement in case of index overflow in ``isMonitor`` methods to avoid unintentional behaviour.

Reviewer: This seems like an implementation detail. Maybe this would be better?
```suggestion
- ``isMonitor`` methods will now produce an error if an index overflow occurs, to avoid unintentional behaviour.
```
